https://www.javatpoint.com/restful-web-services
What is web service?
 Its communicate with two applications or devices through web service for the network.
 
	1. Its is client side application or application compnenent for communcation.
	2. Its a collection of standard or protocol for exchanging information between 2 devices or application.
	
Types of web service?

		1. RESTful
		2. Soap
	
Web Service Components?

	There are three major web service components.	
	
		1. SOAP
		2. WSDL
		3. UDDI
		
SOAP
		SOAP is an acronym for Simple Object Access Protocol.
		SOAP is a XML based protocol for accessing web services.
		SOAP is a XML based, so it is an platform independent and language indepenedent. By using SOAP, you will be able to 
		interact with other programming language application. 
		
WSDL
		WSDL is an acronym for Web Service Description Language.
		WSDL is a XML document containing information about web services method name & parameter & how to access it.
		WSDL is a part of UDDI, its act as a interface between web service application.
		WSDL is pronounced as "wiz-dull".
		
UDDI
			
		UDDI is an acronym for Universal Discription & Discovery Integration.
		UDDI is a XML framework for discribing, discoverying and Integration web service.
		UDDI is a directory of web service interface is described by WSDL, containing information about web services.
		
		
Advantage
		SOAP defines its own security known as WS Security.
		SOAP web service can be written in any programming language and excute in any platform.
		
DisAdvantage
		SOAP uses XML format that must be parsed to be read. It define many standard it must be followed while developing the SOAP application.
		So it slow its consume more bandwidth and resource.
		
RESTfull

		RESTful is an acronym for Representation State Trasfer.	
		REST is an architectural style not a protocol.
		
Advantage		
		Its is very fast compare to SOAP because here no strict specification. Its consume less bandwidth and resource.
		RESTfull web service can be written in any programming language and excute in any platform.
		RESTfull web services can also implement SOAP web services.
		RESTfull web services different data format like HTML, Plain Text, XML, Json.
		
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9802788/call-a-rest-api-in-php -> restfull		
		
		
SOAP vs REST Web Services

			SOAP 													REST
			
1. Soap is a protocol										REST is an architectural style. 

2. SOAP stand for Simple Object Access Protocol				REST stand for Representational state transfer

3. SOAP define standards to be strictly followed			REST does not define too much standards like SOAP

4. SOAP require more bandwidth and resources then			REST have less bandwidth and resource
   REST							
   
5. SOAP defines its own security							REST web service inherits security measures from the underlying transport

6. SOAP permits XML data format only. 						REST permits have different data format like HTML, Text plan, XML, JSON etc.


SOAP have some library class
1. class.nusoap_base
2. class.soap_fault
3. class.soap_parser
4. class.soap_server
5. class.soap_transport_http
6. class.soap_val
7. class.soapclient
8. class.wsdl
9. class.wsdlcache
10. class.xmlschema


Class SoapClient:-
1. __call
2. __construct
3. __dorequest



	   
		
		
			

